layout: post

title: This is a demo on how awesome I am. 
description: A few notes about how to be as awesome as me. 

author: Aishwarya Kumar
email: kumar.aishwarya2@gmail.com
twitter: kumaraishwarya
---

## Scraping DNAinfo Chicago's website

I scraped the DNAinfo Chicago website. The aim of this is to find out what the news organization is covering under each beat. Or rather: what topics make news in each of the neighborhoods in Chicago. 

I scrapped 10 pages of data from August 16. Though the scraped data gave me information about the neighborhood and the news covered in that hood, import.io refused to give me a column that said what kind of news it was – crime, sports, politics, transportation etc.

I tried to create a new column and clicked on the different topics, the column refused to be incorporated as part of the other column. Instead, it would appear below the other columns. 

Also, the multimedia components in each of the story. I wanted to categorize the stories based on the kind of multimedia components they had – charts, maps, video, photo slideshows etc. I wasn’t able to create a column and include them as you advised. Import.io did not recognize why I was clicking on that particular section of the story. I’d love to know how to do it so I can study the following: what kind of multimedia component is used in what story, how many are used and how effective they are. 

Now, the analysis of the scraped data: I found out that crime stories are the main focus of DNAinfo Chicago. Humbolt Park, Englewood and Downtown had the most number of crime stories. After that, Downtown also had majority of stories about lifestyle, which was interesting. Shooting, gang-related activities and robbery were the main stories in those neighborhoods. 

Although, it is known that areas like Englewood and Humbolt Park have increased crime, it was interesting to see around 10 stories in that neighborhood during that time period. There is something very realistic about seeing it on print. 

Other neighborhoods like Lakeview, Rogers Park and Wrigleyville had stories on food – new restaurants and food reviews, showing an increase in restaurants in those areas.

Weather story, an important feature in their website – they have stories on weather at least twice a week – were all pegged under “heart of Chicago.” 

Wicker Park and Downtown had the most number of stories during that time period – over 10. And on clicking on the neighborhoods, I realized that they had one main writer (DNAinfo has one main neighborhood reporter and a bunch of stringers, who cover stories that suddenly come up during the day). This was true in the case of most neighborhoods, except for small ones like Lakeview and Wrigleyville, both of which are covered by Ariel Cheung. 

The data also revealed that apart from tagging each of the stories under a neighborhood and a topic, they also make sure to include the main terms – the type of crime – in the headline so it grabs the attention of the people immediately.

Based on the data, this website is easy to access and has clear subdivisions inside each neighborhood which makes looking through stories very easy. 


